hi i am physical and it is monday and welcome
a field in I know that last week
neither did your video realize that
go up a week if a week does not
weeks and that's not good but I had
some little problems that I will not tell
and it really was impossible for me to upload
cervoles videos but today I have returned as
you see bryant keeps uploading videos
do not ask me why others do not
usually videos they have their accounts
of twitter and they are all asking
them because I 'm not the one to give
explanations with others good today
I bring a subject a bit serious and it's how
beat your ex
I do not know if I'm the best person
to talk about this topic because no
I'm very good at beating things so if
you are going through a process of rupture
I hope to cheer you up a little bit the day and
in three councils they serve you as something
first that when you cut with a
person is very hard obviously but there
that know how to focus things, know how
take them and do not drink or have
cut as you're going to lose this
person try to be happy for everything
what happened to this person and if I know
that remembering happy moments is not
precisely what will encourage you the most
in these moments but someday it will
and the process that you have to go through now
it is necessary so that one day he remembers
is that person some affection and not with
sadness
what you feel now couples see us
for thousands and thousands and thousands of reasons
different some because they stop
love each other because if they want but not
It can
others for infidelities distance
millions of things and evidently every
case is different but something that you should not
do or be things that you should do for
example are trying to distract from a lot
take this time to be with you
same because there is no better company to
times that you go out with your friends
if you do not want to be alone because I'm
sure that your friends are going to be there
when you need them most or you take this
time to learn new things
I do not know how to travel or discover new hobbies
start that puzzle of a thousand pieces that
you have there that you have never started or
paint a picture read a book that you
I want a lot now obviously
You have much more time than
you had before so do not pass them
all day in bed crying or in the
computer watching your photos of
your videos or reading your letters
old are not you try to distract yourself
spend time with yourself another of the
things that I usually recommend is
try to count cut the contact to
less for a while is fine
that of being friends with your ex in fact a
of my best friends because it's my ex
and even pointed it as excel and
story as a friend and already but still
it is not advisable to just cut and
try to maintain a friendship because
well you will not get over it you never need
Take time for yourself to
assimilate the situation without realizing
that is not so bad because when a
door closes means that another one is
will open and maybe it will not open
here a month or two months but neither
you need it because now you have time
to go out with your friends and do things
and distract yourself and do not try to search
new love do not be afraid of the
loneliness because the more you look for it
unless you find it and never be very
closed mind thinking
I do not like this person
physically so I'm not going to like it
nothing inside him because sometimes he
you least expect can become
the love of your life I'm not telling you
that you simply forget your ex and already
Put to find another person relax
breathe with me
they think that now if you are alone or alone
but you are free you are also free of
do what you want to leave when
want to go with your friends to where
want and do the things that you
fancy
all give you this opportunity to
meet new people to discover you
yourself
the things you have to know look at them with
black perspective and half full and half
low
good to hope we have encouraged a bit with
this video if you need to talk always
I answer my messages in fact
many messages arrive in both the
as in facebook
commenting on problems and all that and I
I always try to help you though sometimes
do not upload videos with circumstances because
I also have life and I have exams
I have personal problems and all that and
sometimes I do not fly and I'm always always
there for you so if you have
some problem you are going through a
difficult situation or anything
do not worry and send me a message
because I'm delighted
and be able to help and you can send messages
to my twitter facebook or instagram
youtube channel and we also see you the
Monday with more and better next
Monday truth
I promise